https://www.tripadvisor.ca/Hotels-g187870-Venice_Veneto-Hotels.html

/Hotel_Review-g187870-d6575857-Reviews-We_Crociferi-Venice_Veneto.html

["Internet doesn\\'t work, Air-conditioning doesn\\'t work, no breakfast included."]['We truly enjoyed our stay at the beautiful and romantic Villa Albarea. We were greeted by the family as old friends and made to feel very welcome. We were treated to a guided tour by our charming and mult-lingual hostess who also gave us a fascinating history of the house and was very eager to answer any of our questions.', 'From the moment you arrive, to find the butler waiting for you at the gate, to the moment you leave, Villa Rizzi Albarea is an amazing experience. The Countess takes delight in showing you around her beautiful family home. Although a grand house, this former monastery, that still has an active chapel alongside, has a feel of being at home about it. ']['First of all there is a hotel and also a guest house with the same name...side by side....the owner is same....on some sites even if the address is shown of the hotel you may land up with a room in the guesthouse....this thing happened with us due to hotels.com.....']["I can\\'t believe there are know reviews on this property. I was a little hesitant to try this hotel since there was no feed back, but I took a chance. I\\'m sure glad I did!! ", 'Basically, the hotel is an excellent choice for those wanting to stay in a central location without paying the price. The rooms are very large and well furbished, the location is superb (no views, but absolutely peaceful) and soundprrofing is faultless. However, there are two drawbacks: breakfast is a do-it-yourself matter (it is not a surprise; the hotel advertsing is very clear about that) and the staff, very helpful and friendly up to the point when we arrived, turned into a sort of moody and carelless stance. Not too important if you can take good care of yourself, but still a pity for such a charming place.', "This was suppose to be the honeymoon we never had. Upon arrival we were informed that our rooms were given away and that we could only stay 2 nights. He upgrade our room. We were suppose to have a king bed and ended up with 2 double size beds. The 2 bathrooms were nice to have. If you want a hot shower, this isn\\'t the place. Only a quarter of the way through the shower the water would start turning cold. By the end of the shower you were freezing. They had turned off the air condition so the only air you could get was to open the windows. Then you ended up with misquitos.", 'I stayed here for two nights after booking through lastminute.', 'Stayed there in late March 2005 for several nights. Here are my quick thoughts:']['My wife and I just got back from our trip to Italy (First trip to Europe). We stayed 2 nights in the Pantalon Hotel. This was part of a package deal. We arrived via train to the main station. We took a Vaperto to the San Toma stop. This is best way to get to the hotel. It is pretty cheap 5 euro each and you get a great welcoming view of the grand canal. Finding the hotel is a little tricky, but just ask around and you will find it. The venitian people are very helpful. The addresses are a little confusing, Dousdouro is not a street, but an area, so you have to keep walking around till you find it. The numbers go in one direction (took a while to figure out), but that helps. Room was incredibly small. We had a double, which was a twin bed with a twin cot in the corner. Entire room, including bathroom was about 100 sqft. Although, after reviewing fire diagram on door, I figured out we were in the smallest room on the floor. Others were not as small. Anyway, room was clean and worked for us and we not in it that much. Hotel is relatively centrally located, mainly because venice is so small. Breakfast was rolls and coffee and drinks and was more than adequate. Staff was very helpful and courteous. We asked about the best way to get to Murano, and the staff informed us they would get a free water taxi to the island to see the glass factories. This taxi took us directly to a factory dock, where they ushered us in to see a demostration for a few minutes and then to the showroom to buy something. We are very into glass sculpture so we purchased some glass, so they paid for the water taxi back the San Marco for us. Otherwise I think you need to find you own way back, which would be the vapereto. There are enough restaurants within a 5 minute walk, and all were nice and served good food. Getting back to train station can be via the vapereto again, or you can just walk. It is a pretty straight shot and is only about a 15 minute walk (3 bridges). You then take a bus to the airport (3 euro). Check schedule at hotel to time this correctly. You can do this when you arrive too, but view from vapereto was very nice and gives you a good sense of venice right away. Overall, hotel is pretty nice, very small, but cute. Again this was part of a package and had everything we needed.', 'Very nice staff. Good area around the university a lot of young people and some good bars and restaurants. The rooms are very small, the walls are thin and it is very noisy at night. Overall, we loved Venice and the hotel worked fine for us.', "We really enjoyed our stay at the Pantalon. The staff was very helpful and most spoke very good English. The rooms, like most in Italy, were modest - small, and the beds weren\\'t the best. It was a pretty standard room - clean, and decorated nicely. You also hear the church bells from 7am - around 9pm, which serve as a charming alarm. The breakfast was also standard but we enjoyed the assortment of croissants and cappucino every morning. Mostly, we really enjoyed staying in the Dorsodoro district. The hotel is very close to the San Toma vaparetto stop. The city was pretty sleepy in March and we found this area, due to the student population, lively and fun. There were also some great bars just down the street (though we never found it to be noisy)."][]['Alessandra, the owner and manager took over this B & B about a year ago and transformed it into a homelike refuge. It is beautiful, warm and creative in its decor. One feels like one is living in the "real thing" of Venice. The location is perfect, just close enough to the Rialto Bridge that you are in the center of life of the city, but not so close that it is oppressive with tourists. The view from the breakfast room is beautiful - onto the Grand Canal. Breakfasts are simple but delicious. Alessandra makes a special cake the night before each breakfast to savor along with Italian meats, croissants, etc. It is Alessandra who is the star of the place. She is one of the most helpful, most knowledgable, most thoughtful people I have ever met. And she is completely authentic. She asked what we were interested in, and took the initiative to create our vacation. She looked around for and found three concerts for us, booked the tickets, and gave us directions in how to find them. She did the same thing with museums and restaurants - finding and booking. She WANTED to make our trip great for us, which is why she reached out so assertively (though with delicacy) She also knows the city intimately, and took us on a tour of the hidden places and gave us information about them that one couldn\\\'t find in a guide book. And she talked about these places and their history with gusto and enthusiasm. She has a degree in art, was an art restorer before Venice cut its budget for such things, and is passionate about the field. Her passion was infectious, but never overbearing. One suggestion: ask for the two largest rooms. They are the most airy, and are a welcome counterpoint to the narrowness of the city "streets." There may be hotels that are fancier, but none that are as good. And it is Alessandra who makes it so. You could not do better. ']['Although the dreadful weather and the miscommunication in directions left us stranded dripping wet for 90 minutes for me , my 3 year old and 15 yet Niece , we in part expected some disaster but no where near the level we experienced . We found the tiny apartment on the back streets with half an a4 paper with a note of a number to call the entry to this hostel. No one spoke English and there was zero type of information available to a tourist . The apartment was up 4 flights of stairs and junior suite was tiny with slanted ceilings . ']